# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`msktutil`](#msktutil): Manages Kerberos keytabs on Linux systems in Active Directory environments.
* [`msktutil::cron`](#msktutil--cron): manages msktutil keytab rotation
* [`msktutil::install`](#msktutil--install): installs and removes msktutil package
* [`msktutil::keytab`](#msktutil--keytab): Creates the keytab.

## Classes

### <a name="msktutil"></a>`msktutil`

You need to precreate the AD machine object.  See README.md for how

=== Authors

Helen Griffiths, John Snowdon

=== Copyright

Copyright 2016-22 University of Newcastle

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `msktutil` class:

* [`chmodpath`](#-msktutil--chmodpath)
* [`configpath`](#-msktutil--configpath)
* [`cronfiles`](#-msktutil--cronfiles)
* [`enablecron`](#-msktutil--enablecron)
* [`ensure`](#-msktutil--ensure)
* [`extraopts`](#-msktutil--extraopts)
* [`group`](#-msktutil--group)
* [`keytabmode`](#-msktutil--keytabmode)
* [`keytabpath`](#-msktutil--keytabpath)
* [`keytabreplace`](#-msktutil--keytabreplace)
* [`makekeytab`](#-msktutil--makekeytab)
* [`msktutilpath`](#-msktutil--msktutilpath)
* [`packages`](#-msktutil--packages)
* [`usereversedns`](#-msktutil--usereversedns)

##### <a name="-msktutil--chmodpath"></a>`chmodpath`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Unixpath]`

Full path to chmod binary on your system.

##### <a name="-msktutil--configpath"></a>`configpath`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Unixpath]`

Full path to krb5.conf.

##### <a name="-msktutil--cronfiles"></a>`cronfiles`

Data type: `Optional[Hash[String, Hash]]`

The list of files needed to install a daily cronjob on your system.

##### <a name="-msktutil--enablecron"></a>`enablecron`

Data type: `Optional[Variant[Enum['yes', 'no'], Boolean]]`

Whether to enable the msktutil keytab rotation cronjob.

##### <a name="-msktutil--ensure"></a>`ensure`

Data type: `Optional[Variant[Enum['yes', 'no', 'present', 'absent'], Boolean]]`

Remove (false) or install (true) everything controlled by this module.

##### <a name="-msktutil--extraopts"></a>`extraopts`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Extra options given to msktutil to cope with your AD controller and DNS, e.g. extra service principals.

##### <a name="-msktutil--group"></a>`group`

Data type: `Optional[String]`

Group owner of the system keytab.

##### <a name="-msktutil--keytabmode"></a>`keytabmode`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Filemode]`

File mode of system keytab.

##### <a name="-msktutil--keytabpath"></a>`keytabpath`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Unixpath]`

File path of system keytab.

##### <a name="-msktutil--keytabreplace"></a>`keytabreplace`

Data type: `Optional[Integer]`

How many days old the system keytab is before it is replaced.

##### <a name="-msktutil--makekeytab"></a>`makekeytab`

Data type: `Optional[Variant[Enum['yes', 'no'], Boolean]]`

Attempt (true) or don't attempt (false) to join the domain, which makes a keytab in the process.

##### <a name="-msktutil--msktutilpath"></a>`msktutilpath`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::Unixpath]`

Full path to msktutil binary on your system.

##### <a name="-msktutil--packages"></a>`packages`

Data type: `Optional[Array]`

List of packages needed to obtain msktutil.

##### <a name="-msktutil--usereversedns"></a>`usereversedns`

Data type: `Optional[Variant[Enum['yes', 'no'], Boolean]]`

Whether to use reverse DNS wehn rotating the keytab.

### <a name="msktutil--cron"></a>`msktutil::cron`

manages msktutil keytab rotation

### <a name="msktutil--install"></a>`msktutil::install`

installs and removes msktutil package

### <a name="msktutil--keytab"></a>`msktutil::keytab`

Creates the keytab.

